Different approaches : 

1. Combine two graceful structures (say T1 and T2) together similar to the what was done for symmetrical trees in reference Sandy_2018_J._Phys.__Conf._Ser._1008 : Alternative construction of graceful symmetric trees

Observations : 
    a. If T1 and T2 have different sizes, the principal diagonal in the final generalised adjacency matrix will not contain all zeroes. So they should be of same size. 
    b. If the generalised adjacency matrix of T1 is differnt from that of T2, then the final generalised adjacency matrix won't remain symmetric. This will not be a valid adjacency matrix. So these structure should be same. 
    
    So we can try to generate more graceful structures from a sub graceful structure. 
    But what we get as the final graph may or may not have the same intended structure.  




2. Count the #graceful labelings for graphs / trees / perfect binary trees.

If we want to count the graceful labeling for a tree with m nodes, we will try to count the valid assignments of 0s and 1s in a matrix of size (m + 1) * (m + 1).

Valid assignment should satisfy : 
    a. Single #1 in each diagonal except the principal diagonal. 
    b. Should be symmetric. 

The above matrix will correspond to different structures with m edges. 
(And m+1 nodes where some nodes may be isolated and not the part of the main structure)

Now to get to the exact intended structure more restrictions should be imposed on these assignments.

    a. For perfect binary tree (height = h): 

    The #1s in each row is the degree of node with that label. 
    We can restrict the assignment such that there are 
        i.   1 node with degree 2                 (root)
        ii.  2^h nodes with degree 1              (leaf)
        iii. 2^h - 2 nodes with degree 2          (interior nodes)

    Do a height check to check the ismorphism for perfect binary tree. 
    We can find the height of the formed structure by recursively traversing the rows of the matrix and maintaining the lenght of the different paths obtained. 
    This should be same as height of the original input perfect binary tree. 

    Is height check sufficient to check isomorphism for perfect binary trees ?
    Perfect binary trees have the  most compact structures in term of its height. So if a node connected in a different manner / configuration it will lead to a tree with larger height. Therefore height is valid and sufficient check for isomorphism in perfect binary trees. 


    b. Use degree sequence 
    Use degree sequence to restrict the strcture.
    (Try to use DK series to pin down the exact structure) 

    To identity if a given degree sequence is valid (graphic), we can use Havel-Hakimi Algorithm
    Havel-Hakimi Theor : 
    The non increasing sequence (d1, d2, ..., dn) is graphic if and only if the sequence(d2−1, d3−1, ..., d(d1+1)−1, d(d1+2), d(d1+3), ..., dn) is also graphic.

    Algorithm:
    i.  Pick the vertex with highest target degree. Lets call this value k.
    ii. Connect this vertex to next k vertices having highest degree. Now this vertex has been exhausted.
    Repeat steps (i) and (ii) till you exhaust all the vertices.

    If all the vertices get exhausted, then the sequence has reduced to all zeroes and hence the sequence is graphic.
    If you end up with non-zero vertices that can't be exhausted further, then the sequence isn't graphic.

    Which graphs can be uniquely identified from their degree sequence
    => Threshold graphs 
    Threshold graphs : 
    In graph theory, a threshold graph is a graph that can be constructed from a one-vertex graph by repeated applications of the following two operations:

    i.  Addition of a single isolated vertex to the graph.
    ii. Addition of a single dominating vertex to the graph, i.e. a single vertex that is connected to all other vertices.

    The trees which are threshold in nature are star trees. 
    All star trees are graceful. 